Update content for Getting Started pages (#9787)
handsontable/handsontable: docs/content/guides/getting-started/setting-options.md

  manualRowMove: true,
});
```
:::

::: only-for react

::: tip
Apply configuration options as individual `HotTable` or `HotColumn` components props or by passing them as an object in `settings` prop.
:::

```jsx
<HotTable
  licenseKey="non-commercial-and-evaluation"
  data={Handsontable.helper.createSpreadsheetData(5, 10)}
  width={400}
  height={300}
  colHeaders={true}
  rowHeaders={true}
  customBorders={true}
  dropdownMenu={true}
  multiColumnSorting={true}
  filters={true}
  manualRowMove={true}
/>
```

> ```jsx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also pass your options as an object, using the `settings` prop.

```jsx
```

## Setting grid options

> ::: only-for javascript
> To apply configuration options to the entire grid:
> 
> - Pass your options as a second argument of the Handsontable constructor, using the object literal notation.
> :::
> 
> ::: only-for react
> Apply configuration options as individual `HotTable` or `HotColumn` components props or by passing them as an object
> in `settings` prop.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To apply configuration options to the entire grid:

::: only-for javascript
- Pass your options as a second argument of the Handsontable constructor, using the object literal notation.
:::

::: only-for react
- Pass your options as individual props of the [`HotTable`](@/getting-started/installation.md##hottable-component) or [`HotColumn`](@/columns/react-hot-column.md) components.
- You can also pass your options as an object, using the `settings` prop.
:::
```

hot.getCellMeta(0, 0).readOnly;
```
:::

> :::

Reviewer 2: Removing this breaks the page layout, resulting in some of the examples not being displayed etc.

registerAllModules();

const ExampleComponent = () => {

> 

Reviewer 2: This empty line is no longer needed.

      ],
    });
    ```
:::

::: only-for react
```jsx
<HotTable 
  columns={[
    {width: 100}, // column options for the first (by physical index) column
    {width: 100}, // column options for the second (by physical index) column
    {width: 100}, // column options for the third (by physical index) column
  ]}
/>
```

> Alternatively, you can use the `HotColumn` component to configure columns declaratively:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use the [`HotColumn`](@/columns/react-hot-column.md) component to configure columns declaratively:
```

registerAllModules();

const ExampleComponent = () => {

> 

Reviewer 2: This empty line is no longer needed.

      }
    });
    ```
:::

> ::: only-for react

Reviewer 3: In the React flavor of this "Setting row options", "Setting column options", "Setting cell options" guide, you skipped the points 1-2-3 that were present in the JavaScript part. 

Please make it analogous and also remove the points 1-2-3 from the JavaScript part.

Author: updated

Reviewer 3: Are you sure? I don't see that change. In fact, maybe @kirszenbaum can take over that in case he wants to have a different opinion.

Author: It was there all the time in https://github.com/handsontable/handsontable/pull/9787/commits/6522261734ccc371768bf43ff884c2b4d98be1d6

registerAllModules();

const ExampleComponent = () => {

> 

Reviewer 2: Empty line no longer needed.

registerAllModules();

const ExampleComponent = () => {

> 

Reviewer 2: Empty line no longer needed.

// returns `true`
hot.getCellMeta(1, 1).readOnly;
```
:::

::: only-for react
```jsx

> // for cell (0, 0), the `readOnly` option is the default (`false`)

Reviewer 2: I think this would implicate the existence of a preconfigured HOT instance:

```suggestion
// Consider the HotTable component with the `cell` option declared:
<HotTable cell={[
  {row: 1, col: 1, readOnly: true }
]}/>

// ...

// for cell (0, 0), the `readOnly` option is the default (`false`)
```

Author: Updated according to the snippet

// returns `true`
hot.getCellMeta(1, 1).readOnly;
```
:::

::: only-for react

> ```jsx

Reviewer 2: This snippet is in a different section than the example before it, so these `readOnly` readings are kind of out of context. I would not remove the instance declaration above, but I'll leave the decision up to you.

Reviewer 2: I'm unresolving this thread as there were no changes/comments here.

Author: my decision was to leave it as it is

Reviewer 2: Continued in https://github.com/handsontable/handsontable/pull/9787#pullrequestreview-1085269238

// returns `false`
hot.getCellMeta(1, 1).readOnly;
```

> ## Implementing custom logic

Reviewer 2: I don't think this section should be removed.

I've seen that in https://github.com/handsontable/handsontable/pull/9787#issuecomment-1222006939 you're saying that it's a word-by-word duplicate of the other sections, but I don't think it's true.

The `cells` config option is mentioned only in the `Setting row options` section and used to define settings for rows, but apart from the callback argument list, I don't think there are any hints of it being able to target individual cells.

This entire section explains in (too much) detail how to do it, plus it mentions some other important information and performance tips.

There are, for sure some duplicates in the content, but I think it should be tackled outside of this task.

Author: will reremove

registerAllModules();

const ExampleComponent = () => {

> 

Reviewer 2: An unneeded empty line.
